docs: fix Vale warnings from PRs merged in the last week (#6081)
mintlify/docs: workflows/reference.mdx

Running on a content update trigger maintains your content with minimal lag. Running on a schedule is generally more credit-efficient because the agent batches work across multiple changes in a single run. The tradeoff is a delay between when content changes and when the workflow acts on it.

> Any enabled maintenance workflows run on pull requests created by self-updating content workflows. If the maintenance workflow needs any changes, the agent combines the work into a single pull request. For example, if you enable the **translate content** workflow, the agent adds translations to any pull requests opened by the **update from code changes** workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any enabled maintenance workflows run on pull requests created by self-updating content workflows. If the maintenance workflow identifies required changes, the agent combines the work into a single pull request. For example, if you enable the **translate content** workflow, the agent adds translations to any pull requests opened by the **update from code changes** workflow.
```
